you played that riff a couple of times
you then go into one of the best bits in
the song that so what you do first is
you play their the 2nd fret quite a few
times so I'll come back out of it from
the verse riff
hey
so as I said you do to you dope I record
of seven and then I just I guess play 20
speedy so as partner seven and two zeros
and then you dope I record of five then
you give up to park per second
and then this is where you do that and
it's 799 on the D string and then turn
on the a string and then I guess a
hammer on of 9 and 10 on a shinobi
then it's seven on the E string and then
you just play the power cord of eight to
seven and eight on the E string and then
you do a power cord of six on the east
86 on the a string 27 on the E string
so although first they'll be
hey
and as you played out four times you
don't come into the which is just 976 on
the a string and then six on the a
string and then 87 on the E string and
then park would have 01 also there's a
harmony to that which is seven what is
this 754 on the D string and then 476 on
the bulb for on the D string and then 76
on the a string